Let's look at the reality of your work.
You interact with customers more often than you might realize,
and each interaction type requires communication skills.
Click each scenario card to explore when and how you communicate with customers.
As you can see, customer interaction isn't rare, it's a regular part of your role.
Video updates, direct conversations, vehicle walkthroughs,
phone calls, enthusiast discussions, problem resolution,
all of these happen routinely.
Here's what's important to understand.
Each of these scenarios is an opportunity to strengthen the customer's connection to Portia.
Your technical expertise is what qualifies you for these conversations.
Your communication skills are what make them successful.
In the upcoming modules, you'll develop specific techniques
for each of these interaction types.
But first, let's make sure you understand
what customers are actually seeking when they request to speak with you.